1 use the 2fA bypass another user account by using there cookie or login credentials.
2 clickjacking to the iframe to bypass 
3 check the response of 2fA success false to true
4 change the response code 400 or something to 200 ok 
5 Login to the application in two different browsers and enable 2FA from 1st session. Use 2nd session and if it is not expired, it could be an issue if there is an insufficient 
6 session expiration issue. In this scenario if an attacker hijacks an active session before  2FA, it is possible to carry out all functions  without a need for 2FA
7 Directly Navigate to the page which comes after 2FA or any other authenticated  page of the application.
8 If there is no success, change the refer header to the 2FA page URL. This may fool  application to pretend as if the request came after satisfying 2FA Condition
9 At 2FA Code Triggering Request, such  as Send OTP functionality, capture the  Request. See the Response of this request and  analyze if the 2FA Code is leaked.
10 while triggering the 2FA Code Request, Analyze all the JS Files that are referred in the Response to see if any JS file contain information that can help bypass 2FA code.
11 This involves all sort of issues which comes under security misconfiguration such as  
                     lack of rate limit, no brute-force protection, etc.
                      1. Request 2FA code and capture this request.
                       2. Repeat this request for 100-200 times  and if there is no limitation set, that's a rate  limit issue.
                        3. At 2FA Code Verification page, try to  brute-force for valid 2FA and see if there is  any success.
                         4. You can also try to initiate, requesting  OTPs at one side and brute-forcing at  another side. Somewhere the OTP will  match in middle and may give you a quick  result
12 Request a 2FA code from Attacker Account.Use this valid 2FA code in the victim 2FA  Request and see if it bypass the 2FA Protection.
13 Maybe you can reuse a previously used token inside the account to authenticate.
14 Check if you can get the token from your account and try to use it to bypass the 2FA in a different account.
15 Using the same session start the flow using your account and the victim's account. 
                              When reaching the 2FA point on both accounts, 
                              complete the 2FA with your account but do not access the next part.
                              Instead of that, try to access the next step with the victim's account flow. 
                             If the back-end only set a boolean inside your sessions saying that you have successfully passed the 2FA you will be able to bypass the 2FA of the victim.
16 go to your account and activate the 2FA from /settings/auth after active this option click on Disabled icon beside Two-factor authentication.
    a new window will open asking for Authentication or backup code - Password to confirm the disabled. 
     in the first box enter a valid Authentication or backup code and in the password filed enter any random/wrong password and click save. 
      the option will be disabled successful without check the validation of the password.
17 Use burp suite or another tool to intercept the requests
     Turn on and configure your MFA  Login with your email and password  The page of MFA is going to appear Enter any random number
      when you press the button "sign in securely" intercept the request POST auth.grammarly.com/v3/api/login and in the POST message change the fields: "mode":"sms" by "mode":"email"
      "secureLogin":true by "secureLogin":false   send the modification and check, you are in your account! It was not necessary to enter the phone code.                            
18 2FA bypass by sending blank code
